# 1530-GameRekt (WIP)

GameRekt is a website dedicated to those with a passion for discovering games of all genres, consoles, and ages. This site allows users to rate and categorize games they have played, as well as view other users’ ratings, similar to film review sites. Some features our site will include are a service which recommends games to users based on their previous gaming interests, as well as a button widget which generates a random game suggestion, which can be filtered by genre or playstyle. To create this site, we hope to curate titles from outside databases and users, and implement tags to help users seek new content.

GameRekt will help people find games to play based on their interest and see what their friends think of the games they played. In doing so, we hope to create a community gaming experience and connect users with new games they might not discover otherwise. Users can also keep track of what games they have played, as well as how long they have played them, across multiple gaming platforms. While platforms such as Steam or Xbox Live grant users the ability to track their progress in games, read reviews, and see their collection, they are limited in scope; the most popular gaming platforms only provide these features for games that are available on their platform. For example, video games that are exclusive to PC cannot be reviewed, wishlisted, or even seen on console platforms. GameRekt allows users to bridge the gap, creating a centralized hub for reviews of games, wish lists, and notes regardless of platform. 

GameRekt will be a public web application hosted using Google App Engine. The frontend of the application will use necessary HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. A JavaScript framework such as React may also be adopted if there is sufficient time for the team to become familiar with it. For the backend, we will primarily utilize Python and Flask. For our title database and recommendation process, a proper data structure will need to be carefully selected so as to cut down on loading and searching time. We plan for the database component of the application to use Google Cloud Datastore, a NoSQL database. GitHub will be the primary means of source control as it has integration within Google App Engine.

